docs(Slide): add accessibility docs (#4743)
kiwicom/orbit: packages/orbit-components/src/utils/Slide/README.md

| transitionDuration   | `string`         | `"fast"` | Determines the duration of the animation. Can be `"slow"`, `"normal"` or `"fast"`.          |
| children             | `React.Node`     |          | The expandable content that should be animated.                                             |
| maxHeight            | `number \| null` |          | The maximum height the animation should take. Usually it is the height of the container.    |
| expanded             | `boolean`        | `false`  | Determines if the content is expanded or not. When changed to `true`, the animation occurs. |
| id                   | `string`         |          | Sets the id for the wrapper component responsible for the animation.                        |
| ariaLabelledBy       | `string`         |          | Sets the ariaLabelledBy for the wrapper component responsible for the animation.            |
| stopClickPropagation | `boolean`        | `true`   | Prevents click events inside the component from propagating to parent elements.             |

## Accessibility

> The `Slide` component implements several accessibility features to ensure proper interaction for all users:
> 
> ### ARIA Attributes
> 
> - `aria-hidden`: Automatically set to `true` when the content is collapsed and `false` when expanded
> - `aria-labelledby`: When provided via the `ariaLabelledBy` prop, associates the collapsible content with its label element
> 
> ### Keyboard Navigation

Reviewer: Is the `Keyboard Navigation` proper title for this section? 🤔 

Following documentation for other components, maybe it could be:

```suggestion
### Automatic Accessibility Features

The `Slide` component implements several accessibility features to ensure proper interaction for all users:

- `aria-hidden`: Automatically set to `true` when the content is collapsed and `false` when expanded
- `aria-labelledby`: When provided via the `ariaLabelledBy` prop, associates the collapsible content with its label element

### Best Practices
```

WDYT?

Author: It's easy to blame cursor here 😅 I think it got confused as this is not a regular component. Thank you!

When using `Slide` for expandable components (like accordions or collapsible panels), ensure that:

1. The control that toggles the `expanded` state is keyboard focusable

> 2. The control has appropriate ARIA attributes (`aria-expanded`, `aria-controls`) pointing to the Slide component's `id`

Reviewer: Maybe I read it too much times so I am overthinking :D but I would maybe rephrase this sentence a bit as only `aria-controls` is using the `id`.

Author: True, this is a mistake 🤦 , actually the aria-expanded can be integrated in 1.)

> 

Reviewer: How about adding third point that if the control is the icon, it should be properly labelled?

### Example with Accessibility Features

```jsx
import Slide from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/utils/Slide";

const CollapsibleSection = () => {
  const [expanded, setExpanded] = React.useState(false);
  const toggleExpanded = () => setExpanded(!expanded);

  return (
    <>
      <button onClick={toggleExpanded} aria-expanded={expanded} aria-controls="details-section">
        Toggle Details
      </button>
      <Slide
        expanded={expanded}
        maxHeight={200}
        id="details-section"
        ariaLabelledBy="details-heading"
      >
        <h3 id="details-heading">Section Details</h3>
        <p>This content expands and collapses with animation.</p>

>       </Slide>

Reviewer: 💡 Maybe you could use orbit components in the example instead of native tags? Up to you.

### Best Practices

When using `Slide` for expandable components (like accordions or collapsible panels), ensure that:

1. The control that toggles the `expanded` state is keyboard focusable and has the corresponding `aria-expanded` attribute
2. The control has appropriate `aria-controls` attribute pointing to the Slide component's `id`
3. If the control is an icon or icon button, it should have an accessible name via `aria-label`

### Example with Accessibility Features

```jsx
import Slide from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/utils/Slide";
import Button from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/Button";
import Heading from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/Heading";
import Text from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/Text";
import ChevronDown from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/icons/ChevronDown";
import ChevronUp from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/icons/ChevronUp";

const CollapsibleSection = () => {
  const [expanded, setExpanded] = React.useState(false);
  const toggleExpanded = () => setExpanded(!expanded);

  return (
    <>
      <Button
        onClick={toggleExpanded}

>         iconRight={expanded ? <ChevronUp /> : <ChevronDown />}

Reviewer: A bit of a nitpick, but I would add `ariaHidden` to these icons here 😅

Author: Good observation, otherwise screen readers announce "image".
Thanks!
